b'b"                      preload css        HOK TOP CONTAINER FOR TESTING - DO NOT REMOVE - TEST RUNNING         We\'ve detected you are on Internet Explorer.'
b'For the best Barrons.com experience, please update to a modern browser.'
b'Long read 6 Pipeline Funds Offer a Cheap Way to Play a Rebound in Energy  Long read No Pension?'
b'No Problem.'
b'Here Are 3 Steps to Replicate a Retirement Paycheck.'
b'Long read Life of an Activist Short Seller Carson Block at Muddy Waters Research on betting against stocks.'
b'Plus, Jack discusses the outlook for value stocks.'
b'4 min   Autos Another Electric-Vehicle Company Just Went Public.'
b'What You Need to Know.'
b'4 min   Travel RV Sales Have Roared This Summer.'
b'Is There Still Fuel in Their Stocks?'
b'Stocks of recreational-vehicles surged in the early summer.'
b'Further gains could like ahead.'
b'Why Camping World has an edge.'
b'3 min   Economy & Policy A 60/40 Stocks/Bond Strategy No Longer Works.'
b'4 min   Manufacturing Equipment Maker Terex Is a Cheap Bet on an Economic Recovery   The company known for its cranes and lifts has a strong balance sheet.'
b'4 min   Consumer 8 Stocks That Will Benefit as Consumers Keep Staying Indoors   KeyBanc Capital Markets believes the pandemic as freed up $500 billion for people to spend on their homes as expenses for things such as travel and dining out decline.'
b'2 min   Dividends Even in a Rough Patch, Some Energy Stocks Offer Attractive Yield   Devin McDermott, head of North American oil and gas research at Morgan Stanley, favors Chevron and an assortment of companies that typically focus on infrastructure such as pipelines to transport oil and gas including Magellan Midstream Partners and Enterprise Products Partners.'
b'Long read   The Readback The Readback Returns Next Week The Readback brings you a new season featuring stories about Nintendo, Microsoft, 3D printing and more - exploring why some companies, ideas, and industries thrive, while others fail to meet their promise.'
b'Listen starting Wednesday, October 7.'
b"Markets How a French Water and Waste Utility Deal Turned Messy   Markets have remained indifferent to the impact of the Suez sale on Engie, with the group's shares remaining flat."
b'One reason: most big retailers are pulling back from Thanksgiving and Black Monday.'
b'3 min   Retail Consumer Stocks to Buy for Any Election Scenario   With President Donald Trump testing positive for Covid-19 just over a month away from Election Day, an already contentious race has gotten more complex.'
b'11:04 AM ET A 60/40 Stocks/Bond Strategy No Longer Works.'
b'11:03 AM ET 8 Stocks That Will Benefit as Consumers Keep Staying Indoors 11:02 AM ET Consumer Stocks to Buy for Any Election Scenario 11:01 AM ET Apple Could Lure More Buyers With Smaller iPhone 12, Analyst Says 10:59 AM ET 6 Pipeline Funds Offer a Cheap Way to Play a Rebound in Energy  10:55 AM ET Equipment Maker Terex Is a Cheap Bet on an Economic Recovery 10:54 AM ET RV Sales Have Roared This Summer.'
b'Is There Still Fuel in Their Stocks?'
b'10:51 AM ET Hiring Has Slowed.'
b'U.S. Aid Has Dried Up.'
b'The Recovery Is Shaky.'
b'No Problem.'
b'Here Are 3 Steps to Replicate a Retirement Paycheck.'
b"8:34 AM ET Here's what President Trump's coronavirus diagnosis means for stock-market volatility -- so far 7:00 AM ET Lennar Stock Is Soaring."
b'Insiders Have Stepped Up Sales.'
b'11:39 PM ET The Marketplace for Election Technology Is Broken.'
b'Democracy Is at Stake.'
b'Democracy Is at Stake.'
b'America was in for a bumpy election even before 2020 happened.'
b'4 min Virtual Learning Is Leaving Students Behind.'
b'Time to End It.'
b"My son's school in Mississippi is well into its school year."
b'The effects of distance learning are clear: The most vulnerable students are sliding.'
b"3 min AstraZeneca's Trial Is on Hold."
b"It's a Sign that the Science Is Working."
b"I ran the FDA's vaccines office."
b'The FDA knows how to do this work.'
b'It just needs to be given the space to do so.'
b'Long read Trump Put a Spotlight on the Proud Boys.'
b'What to Know About Them.'
b'Historian Alexandra Minna Stern explains why she sees the Proud Boys as a threat to democracy.'
b'2 min Mutual Funds Quarterly The Best Bond Funds for Uncertain Times 3 min How to Build the Best Bond Portfolio for Crazy Times Long read The End of an Era for Dimensional Fund Advisors Long read Coronavirus Futures Rise After Word That Trump May Leave Hospital Monday Long read Consumer Stocks to Buy for Any Election Scenario 2 min RV Sales Have Roared This Summer.'
b'Is There Still Fuel in Their Stocks?'
b'Barron\'s             "'
